What are you doing? Why are you here?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
I've made it clear earlier.
All of you, scatter!
Help!
You're incredible. Why are you so great?
Don't get too close.
Hey.
You're dead, okay?
Yes, I'm dead already.
The mission has been completed smoothly.
Chow Sing-sing, where are your men?
We want a leader. We want teamwork.
Not a man who works alone like Rambo.
The hostage has been rescued.
The rescue operation
is just a part of this exam.
What matters most
is the safety of your juniors
and your leadership ability.
But I don't see any at all!
Sir, give me a chance.
What are you doing?
Don't!
Sir, could you please reconsider? Okay?
Hello, who is this?
Yes.
The boss wants to see you.
I'm Chow Sing-sing.
Damn it.
You're so handsome.
Turn around for me.
Don't be shy, come on!
I couldn't resist, sorry.
Do you want to get a promotion?
I don't want to be a gigolo, sir.
I'm asking if you want a promotion.
I won't be a gigolo, sir.
That's not what I'm asking.
I'm asking if you want a promotion.
Yes, but...
not at the cost of my chastity, sir.
Who wants your chastity?
I want your youth.
Youth and chastity
are equally important to me, sir.
All right. Let me finish first.
This is the situation.
Some students had a field trip
at our police station.
Afterwards, we discovered
that a pistol was lost.
Sir, we lose pistols very often.
But that pistol is mine!
I feel so bad for you.
Good that you know.
That pistol has been with me
for over 30 years.
I've never used it.
It's for scratching itches.
Speaking of which, I feel itchy now.
Help me scratch it.
-Your back?
-Yes.
It's a kind pistol.
Can pistols be kind?
It has a kind nature,
but I'm afraid it might
fall into the hands of bad students.
Then innocents would be killed
and tragedies would follow.
Don't worry, sir.
I'll search the whole school
until I find your pistol.
Would I need you
if we could do a search there?
I'm retiring soon,
but I lost my pistol.
It would be embarrassing
if people find out.
So I want you
to enter that school as a spy.
I'm not confident in being a teacher, sir.
Not a teacher, but a student.
A student?
I joined the police force
because I hated studying.
I can't pretend to be a student.
Sir, if you do so,
you're bringing me to a volcano
with lots of wild animals,
paying no attention
to my cries and wailings,
and just ruthlessly kicking me...
into the volcano that's full of lava
without any pity at all.
How could you be so heartless?
That's good, you can live
and die excitingly then.
Enough, you can't get out of this
no matter what.
Here's a pager watch. Put it on.
666 means I'm looking for you.
Also, let me hear,
"Good morning, sir" again.
Very good.
Don't let others know
or both of us will be in trouble.
-One, two.
-Let's see if you'd dare to be late again.
-What are you looking at?
-One, two.
SCHOOL RULES
You don't need to look at it.
You'll learn it by heart later.
Let's go.
-That's the new student.
-What a big guy. Which class is he from?
-Could it be ours?
-I don't think so.
Chow Sing-sing.
I'm the Director of Student Affairs,
Lam Zok-tong.
There's a mosquito.
You transferred from England High.
Students from that school
are rubbish and senseless.
I don't care if your family is friends
with the Board of Directors.
Edinburgh College is a prestigious school
with the best students.
I won't tolerate bad influence.
If you misbehave, I'll expel you.
Did I make myself clear?
Is that funny?
Bring him to the classroom.
Come with me to the classroom.
All right.
Around 1987,
an observation conducted from
the sky above the South Pole confirmed
that there's a hole in the ozonosphere.
Strong ultraviolet rays
are harmful to living organisms.
In a less serious situation,
gene mutation might occur.
In a worst-case scenario,
it would kill cells.
Plants will die as a result.
Ultraviolet rays can penetrate
into the sea.
-Who's assaulting the police?
-What?
Assaulting the police?
You, bring the eraser here.
-How accurate.
-Amazing.
I don't care if you're new here.
Do you think you're in Once a Thief?
What?
I have my pride.
Let's get back to the lesson.
All right. We were talking
about the atmosphere.
The atmosphere is made up
of several layers.
WITH FORBEARANCE COMES PEACE
The layer nearest to the earth
is called the troposphere.
It's 15,000 to 50,000 meters
above the earth.
It's also known as the boundary layer.
MING DYNASTY CRIMINAL PUNISHMENT
The Ming Dynasty is about
criminal punishment.
They believe in torture.
Especially for lying to the emperor,
party affiliation and espionage.
Wong Siu-gwai.
Mr. Cheng, what does espionage mean?
It's the current practice of spying.
The people involved are called spies.
They are punished by castration.
Castration?
Chopping off the sex organ, kid.
By how much?
It depends on how much you've got.
-Hurry...
-Sit down.
-Hurry.
Gosh.
I brought the wrong book again.
I'm so absent-minded.
What's that noise?
Hey.
Thanks for your help just now.
Come and assist me.
Come. Hurry.
-Serves him right.
Hey, you're laughing so happily.
Come here too.
Come.
What's your name?
Chow Sing-sing.
And you?
Wong Siu-gwai.
What's your name?
Chow Sing-sing.
What's yours?
Wong Siu-gwai.
What's your name?
Chow Sing-sing.
Let's begin, Chow Sing-sing.
This experiment is quite complicated.
We must remember each step.
It will be very dangerous
if you forget a step.
You said the most important thing
in this experiment is...
Memory.
If not, it will be...
Very dangerous.
Hey, get down.
-Go away.
-Get down first.
Get down.
What are you doing? Who are you?
How is this your business?
Please get down.
Why did you pull me down?
You're standing on my belly.
Hey, don't go. We're on the same side.
We have a passcode.
Passcode?
Chicken, turtle, bone, boil, spoon.
What's the passcode?
-What's that?
-The passcode.
This is bad. Everybody is crazy here.
-Don't stop me!
-You can't climb out from here.
You can't get out from here.
I'll use the front door.
-You can't use the front door either.
-What are you doing?
Nothing. This boy has suddenly gone mad.
Yes, I've gone mad. I want to go home.
What are you doing?
Don't block my way, please.
Excuse me, please.
I want to leave.
Are you all right?
I'm sick, I want to go home.
Please excuse me. Thank you.
-You're not feeling well?
-Yes.
Come with me.
Let's see if you've got a fever.
You don't.
I do.
You don't. Look at it yourself.
The thermometer doesn't indicate it,
but I do.
I feel so bad.
Let me see your eyes.
Look down.
Look up.
Look to the left.
Hey, why can't your eyeballs move?
They can't move since I've got a fever.
Are you just pretending to be sick?
I'm Ms. Ho.
I don't teach your class,
but I'm your counselor.
Go back to class first.
Come to me anytime
if you've got a problem.
Be good.
Are you mad just because
I accidentally dropped your pencil case?
-Get the phone.
-No, I'm not.
I'm so scared.
How much do you want this time?
Who knows? It depends on you.
-I only have 300 dollars.
-I'm not scared now.
If I find out that
you still have money on you,
I won't throw away your pencil case,
I'll throw you!
Understood.
Great, my savior is here.
Don't misunderstand.
I'm not helping you and I'm not going to.
And I'm not your savior.
Let that be clear to you.
You are! You look so ugly.
They'll only bully you
from now on, not me.
Thank you very much!
It's dismissal time.
-They're out.
Hey, John.
-Hurry up.
-Don't block my way.
Why are you so late?
Let's wait for my friends.
-Hey, let's go.
-Let's go.
Inspector Chow,
I remember the passcode now.
It's Tong Dong Dong Tong Tong, right?
-It's really you?
-Yes.
-You should have said so earlier.
-I forgot the passcode earlier.
Inspector Chow, I'm CID 5798.
I was sent here to assist you.
Go home and rest
if your hands are trembling.
-Why become a spy?
-No, it's Parkinson's disease.
I'm only pretending.
It saves me from doing a lot of work.
Our boss told me
to let you stay at my home for now.
Why are you chewing that stick?
To quit smoking.
Hey...
Forget about Ms. Ho.
Her boyfriend is the head
of the Anti-Triad Unit.
Okay?
-What are you talking about?
-What?
I'm looking at that kid
sitting on the rail smoking.
-You mean Johnny?
-Who is he?
The leader of the Four Tigers
of Beacon Hill.
His leader, Tai Fei, is a big shot.
He's the most suspicious one
regarding our boss' lost pistol.
-Keep an eye on him.
-Okay.
-Let's go.
Boss.
You asshole, your idea is so lousy.
-Boss.
-We're being chased for money.
The interest is adding up.
It's fine to deal drugs,
but why traffic arms?
You said arms trafficking is profitable
during the Gulf War.
You should have persuaded me otherwise.
What are we going to do with these AK-47s?
If we had pistols, we could have robbed.
-Johnny is here.
-Why didn't you tell me earlier?
-He's so arrogant.
-Arrogant?
Because he's rich.
You can be arrogant too if you're rich.
-You're here. Come in.
-Hey.
They're for feng shui.
-Don't touch them.
-Gosh, I'm sorry.
How are you?
Hey, you're so arrogant now.
Don't worry, my dad is traveling.
Even if you drive to Shenzhen,
he won't be back yet.
Let's see.
Right, give me the money for the two cars
my brother sold before.
I can only pay you when my clients pay me.
You're not really
in need of money, are you?
Who says so?
The money collected from school
isn't even enough
for two nights in a karaoke bar.
Hey. A couple of days ago,
I found something neat.
See if you can use it.
We worked really hard to steal it
from the police academy.
A cop's pistol?
Guys, three for each of you.
Don't fight.
Are these your dads' memorial tablet?
I wish.
Would I still need to work
if I've got so many dads?
They're all my ex-partners.
There are noodles to eat.
If you want to eat, make them yourself.
No way. Eat myself?
-Yes, you can eat yourself.
-That's illegal.
How many partners did you have?
Nine.
But there are ten tablets.
I have to prepare one or two more...
I have to prepare one or two more
and see who's unlucky enough
to partner with me.
It's fine whether it's used or not,
just in case it's needed.
Do you mind?
What are you talking about?
You don't understand?
It's better if you don't understand.
Dying at an early age is really...
Eat your noodles.
I'll have dinner outside.
Remember to do your homework.
You've got school tomorrow.
-Damn you.
-Don't...
Let's move.
It's nothing, go on.
-You've always been so gross.
-I'm used to it.
Bravo.
You see, I've been working as a janitor
in a school lately.
it was fine at first.
But I have to work with Inspector Chow.
He's really troublesome!
He's really an asshole.
Hey, what have you been doing?
Don't mention it.
I'm having it worse than you.
I'm following Tai Fei's case.
It's arms trafficking.
What a coincidence!
We are also after Tai Fei.
But we're looking for a cop's pistol.
-A cop's pistol?
-Yes.
Really? No way.
They're trafficking machine guns.
-Machine guns in Hong Kong?
-Yes.
The goods have already arrived.
In broad daylight, they...
Incredible.
Hey, why didn't you arrest them?
The buyers are terrorists.
Our boss wants to arrest
all of them in one go.
That's ruthless!
People will die if something goes wrong.
We can't afford to alarm them.
All right. Let's do this.
Let me know if you have
any information on that pistol.
Of course!
-It's a deal.
-You have my word.
Among the group of undercover cops,
all are dead,
except you and me.
Who else would I help if not you, right?
Even I can die, but not him.
What a lousy song.
Tai Fei, don't be mad.
We can talk it out.
Remember Bill?
You arrested him ten years ago.
He wants to say hello to you,
Inspector Wong.
CHINESE LITERATURE
I DIDN'T DO MY HOMEWORK
I DESERVE TO BE PUNISHED
I DIDN'T DO MY HOMEWORK AGAIN
I'M BEING PUNISHED
FOR LOOKING AROUND IN CLASS
FOR SPACING OUT IN CLASS
IT'S ALL MY FAULT!
Stand on one foot.
Raise your arms higher.
-Goodness.
-There's something to see here.
There's something to see here.
Watch carefully.
What did you say?
I said watch carefully.
Don't laugh.
-Goodness.
-Go take a look at him.
-Are you all right?
-Does it hurt?
-I told you, but you wouldn't listen.
-Goodness.
-We have a star.
-We have the Star of the Week.
-Goodness.
-He's standing so high.
-We'll remember you.
-He deserves it.
-Look at him.
-He deserves to be punished.
-What is he doing?
This student is brainless.
He's useless.
Yes, he's always absent-minded.
He's ugly enough already.
Look at him, it's as if he has a big neck.
I'm afraid he's not really a star.
-That's right.
-I feel bad for his mother.
-He deserves it.
-He really deserves it.
He shouldn't come to school anymore.
-Go home.
-He should be called Scar instead of Star.
HISTORY OF CHINA
What are you doing?
You two should check the lost pistol,
not the dictionary.
Sir.
If he doesn't hand in his homework today,
he won't be able
to go back to the classroom.
He's going to be told to stand
in the quadrangle.
Must you investigate in the classroom?
You can do so outside of class too.
If I don't do my homework again,
I won't even be able to get into school.
Then I can't investigate anything.
-Can you solve this math problem? Help me.
-Let's see.
I know nothing about trigonometry!
When you first asked me
to handle this case,
your attitude was different.
-No, he's always like this.
-I'm always like this.
I was nice so that
you would agree to get involved.
Sir.
What about asking the policemen
to see if they know
and help us solve this.
You're an idiot! Aren't we disclosing
the case to everyone then?
Let me tell you. Finish this case quickly
or I'll cut your brains out
with my Scissors Legs.
What legs?
Scissors Legs that fly up in the air
and cut your brains out.
Scissors Legs! Are you scared now?
Very.
Scissors Legs, what a joke.
No, he used to be really incredible.
That was before.
He could fight 20 guys alone.
More like masturbate 20 times.
Dad, are you all right?
Dad, go to hell.
How could you say that?
Damn it! I'm late.
Sir...
What the heck? It's only six o'clock.
He's so hardworking.
He influenced me. I need to study too.
Hey, Fan Shu.
I'm not Fan Shu.
But you really look like him.
Have you finished the biology homework?
Let me copy it.
I wouldn't give it to you even if I have.
Are you nuts?
Hey.
I'll give you 50 dollars in return.
Give me that.
You want the money
before giving me the homework?
-Look!
-Go away.
-There's money!
-One by one.
-I have enough for you all.
-Money!
-Any essay compositions?
-Don't fight with me!
-Keung, yours is torn, go away.
-This is worth it!
-Hey.
-He's quite popular.
-Yes.
-Give me 12 dollars.
-You're only copying it now?
How about ten dollars?
You're useless.
You don't have a future.
Are you sure you don't have ten dollars?
-Look, I'm done.
-Come on!
-You think you're so great?
-Of course.
I'm not mocking you.
I just want to say, from now on,
I won't let anyone throw erasers at me.
From now on, I won't be punished
by standing in the corridor
or in the middle of the quadrangle,
or hold a cardboard in public
like a monkey. No!
Just take your time copying.
Pop quiz! Those who fail will stand
in the quadrangle for a week.
Seriously?
-Are you all right?
-Never mind...
CHINESE HISTORY QUIZ
-A mobile phone?
-So what?
You've got to be kidding.
What? A Chinese history test?
You two can handle it.
No way, sir.
I'm not good in Chinese history.
I'm good at pooping though.
Hold on. Mandy!
Ask all the seniors to come here at once.
Ask them who suppressed
the An Lushan Rebellion
and restored peace to the Tang Dynasty?
A, Guo Ziyi.
Is that clear?
It's Li Guangbi.
C, Li Keyong.
It's Li Keyong, not Lee Hak-kan.
WHO SUPPRESSED THE AN LUSHAN REBELLION
AND RESTORED PEACE TO THE TANG DYNASTY?
A. GUO ZIYI
B. LI GUANGBI
C. LI KEYONG
D. ZHU WEN
Hey.
A is Guo Ziyi, B is Li Guangbi.
Who suppressed the An Lushan Rebellion?
Answer me.
Guo Ziyi and Zhu Wen.
No, I think it's Li Guangbi and Zhu Wen.
So who exactly is it?
Guo Ziyi or Zhu Wen? Answer me.
What? You're checking the book?
-No. I got it.
-Wait.
Son, is it Zhu Wen? Who's Zhu Wen?
The answer is B. It's B!
Banana?
B for banana.
Ask them...
What? What is Niu-Li factional strife?
Answer me.
-What?
-Answer me!
You're checking the books again?
You don't even know that?
What have you studied? Eat shit!
-Which big case are they working on?
-No idea.
Apple?
This is working.
Next question, listen carefully.
-It's D.
-Yes.
The answer is D.
-Again?
-Uncle Tat, what are you doing here?
Nothing, I'm collecting rubbish.
The female toilet is clogged.
-Can you help with that?
-Is that so?
-Yes. Come with me.
-Okay.
Hello? What?
The test is over.
Sir, which case is this?
-The three wolves.
-Really?
-Aren't they dead already?
-We're re-opening the case!
I'm so stupid. Why didn't I think of that?
CHINESE LITERATURE
It's not here.
Nothing again.
Are you two riding horses?
We're falling from the horse.
So you two are cheating.
No.
I'm the only one who's cheating.
Arrest me.
Come with me.
One moment, please.
How ridiculous.
You cheated in the Chinese History test
with the literature book.
You're such a failure.
That's not considered cheating then.
I don't care.
I only want to let him have
the proper punishment.
What do you think?
Deduct three points
for his conduct as usual.
Don't say anything.
Don't be so strict.
A 12-point deduction
will get him expelled.
-Ms. Leung, what about you?
-Kill him.
What did you say?
Isn't that what you want?
It's just cheating.
It's a phase everyone experiences.
Who hasn't cheated before?
The most important thing is
to know how to use your brains.
You don't even know how to...
Stand properly. How dare you move?
You don't even know how to use your brain!
You deserve to be punished.
I suggest arranging for another test.
If he still doesn't pass,
test him again and again.
Until he passes.
Are you punishing him or me?
I don't have the time.
Go to the race track less.
-That's right.
-I agree.
I suggest talking to his parents
and understanding his family background.
Fine, I've reached a decision.
Chow Sing-sing cheated.
His punishment is detention for a week,
clean the playground for two weeks,
a five-point deduction for his conduct,
and a retest next week.
Also, I want to meet your parents.
Parents? I don't have any.
I've got no parents, siblings,
relatives, or friends.
Who's your guardian then?
I'm my own guardian.
You can just talk to me.
This is his file.
Who's his guardian?
Uncle Tat?
-Be quiet. He's doomed.
-He's in big trouble.
Uncle Tat, is Chow Sing-sing
really your son?
You're ranked higher than me,
you tell him.
Chow Sing-sing, tell me.
Don't laugh, tell me.
Yes.
Yes. I'm sorry.
I knew it.
They look exactly the same.
No way. We look the same?
-He's his dad?
-No way.
No.
Here...
Your last name is Tso,
but his is Chow. Why?
I don't know.
Why?
When he was born,
I named him Tso Sing-sing.
But for some reason,
he named himself Chow Sing-sing.
Is that a good answer?
Yes.
Sir, if there's nothing else,
we'll get going.
Hold on, Uncle Tat.
We asked you to come here to tell you
that your son cheated during a test.
Cheated?
That's not right. That's not good.
You can't cheat. Right? Cheat?
We'll get going.
Hey, Uncle Tat.
Don't you get it?
Parents and teachers should cooperate
to discipline a student.
Am I right?
Until when can we discipline him?
Your son has only been here for three days
and he has already cheated.
-Give me a few slaps then let's go.
-No.
You should be serious
when disciplining him.
-Don't be too serious.
-Of course.
All right, enough.
I know what to do.
You jerk, you cheated?
-You're not studying?
-Calm down!
-Don't get too agitated.
-I'll beat the hell out of you.
-You useless child!
-No!
-I'll beat you up!
-Is he dead already?
-He's dead.
-You're lying.
-It's true.
One more.
-You son of a...
-Inspector Chow.
You don't have to be this way.
I had to use all my strength
to beat you up.
Don't you know how tough you are?
That's right.
I'm old and my bones are weak.
After beating you up, I'm aching all over.
-My fingers are broken. Yes.
-Really?
I'm sorry.
Never mind. It's my job.
See a doctor, I'll pay for it.
-Thank you.
-Uncle Tat!
-Ms. Ho.
-Don't be mad.
Chow Sing-sing.
Do you know how great your dad is?
It's fine.
All parents in this world are great.
You can't let him be like this.
Why don't I be his tutor?
I have no money to pay you.
How can we owe you this favor, Ms. Ho?
-Uncle Tat!
-Dad.
I won't take any money.
-No...
-I'll lead him onto the right track.
-No, that's good.
All right, we'll start tomorrow.
Don't worry.
Thank you...
Thank you so much.
Save it, you got what you wanted.
Do you want to die? You said no to her!
Hey, be smart!
Don't reveal your identity.
Hey.
-Someone is looking for you.
-Who?
Go upstairs and you'll know.
-Okay, let's go.
-Upstairs.
-We must teach him a lesson.
-He's here.
Over there.
Whoever wants to help him,
stand on his side.
-Let's go.
If you want a protection fee,
I'll pay it for him.
You must want to die.
I'll capture you
and make your mouth my ashtray.
Capture him.
You want anything else?
No.
Don't call me here if it's not necessary.
Okay.
-Gosh.
-Don't...
How useless.
Sing, you're even more powerful
than Bruce Lee.
-Sing, you want your shoes cleaned?
-Sing, you're incredible.
Do you have enough money?
I can give you some.
-Sing.
-This is great.
Also, your shirt
is not tucked in properly.
I must hit you this time.
Give me your hand.
Give it to me.
-I'm too old to be hit on the palm.
-Give it to me.
-There's no need, Ms. Ho.
-That one.
I'll give you somewhere else to hit.
If you can bear it,
hit me with all you've got.
It's like a garbage can.
It'll be so embarrassing
if Ms. Ho sees this later.
Hey, what's this? A toaster?
Throw the bread away.
And the porn magazines in your room,
you have to...
I told you to clean up and you're eating?
-What?
-You're pretending? Come on.
-I'm tidying up.
-Pretending to have Parkinson's?
Is Parkinson your dad?
-You're always pretending to be him.
-I'm tidying up.
I don't care how old you are,
I'll hit you.
The son shouldn't have
a larger room than his dad.
Ms. Ho, I don't quite understand this.
-This one?
-Yes.
Sit down, Sing.
Your hair has been ruffled.
Next!
Legs should be kept straight.
Run quicker, do a somersault.
Yes, that's right.
-Gosh.
-You're not wearing glasses.
Next one!
What's the matter?
Why do you look so bored?
-How lame.
-You're bored?
-Again?
-Let's ask Ms. Ho to take us on a picnic.
Why don't you bring
your girlfriends along?
-It'll be different with girls.
-Great, Ms. Ho.
-What a good idea, Ms. Ho.
-Yes!
-That's great, Ms. Ho.
Here, I'll help you light it.
It won't light up.
Great.
-You're lame!
-You're smoking?
When did you start? Throw it away!
I'll report you to the police.
-They're ruining their future.
-Don't you smoke?
No, how can I afford it?
You don't believe me?
Smell my breath then.
Are you stupid?
Look, my teeth are free
from cigarette stains.
-Right?
-Hey.
Hey, why do you already have wisdom teeth?
How old are you?
I'm...
I'm 18 years old.
-You're 18?
-Going on 19.
But you look mature.
Indeed, I'm ripe and ready to eat.
That's right.
All your classmates have girlfriends.
Where's yours?
I don't have any.
I'm against dating while studying.
I think it's a waste of time.
-You're so cunning.
-Right.
-Is it true?
-Yes.
I've seen your boyfriend.
He always waits
outside the school gate for you.
How do you know he's my boyfriend?
I can tell.
He seems to treat you quite well.
You're so nosy.
But...
I don't think we're compatible.
Sometimes, you really can't force love.
He's a cop.
I hate cops a lot.
I agree. I've never liked cops.
What?
Annie, I want to ask you a favor.
Can I see your breast?
-What?
-One side will do.
-Just one!
-Breast your face!
-You lose nothing!
-Siu-gwai, you jerk!
-You're so gross! How could you say that?
-Don't follow me!
-Don't run!
Siu-gwai really does look like a turtle.
Especially his head.
With a shell, he'll look exactly like one.
But Siu-gwai's grades
have dropped recently.
I think I must tutor him.
But you're already my tutor.
How will you have time?
You've already improved.
I'll be his tutor then.
I have improved.
There shouldn't be a problem.
Can you manage?
That's why you have to
continue tutoring me,
so that I can tutor him.
Get it?
You get it.
You get it, right?
This is my home. What do you think?
Grandma, pour us some tea.
Sing, sit wherever you want.
Sing, what games do you like to play?
Sega, PC or Super Nintendo?
Later.
You're such a nuisance.
-Pour some tea.
-Okay.
-Have some tea.
-Thank you.
-Are you classmates?
-Yes.
-Do you study together?
-You're friends?
-Yes.
Are you classmates?
Yes, how do you know?
Why so many questions?
-Go.
-Have a seat.
How stupid.
Is she your maid?
-She's my grandma.
-Grandma?
-Where are your parents?
-They're seldom around.
Sing, I have something great for you.
You've got a lot of great things.
I'm here to be your tutor.
Hey, don't be silly.
Grandma, try it.
Don't be shy.
It's free. What's the harm of trying?
Go ahead.
Was that fun?
Try a backhand, it's quite interesting.
Try a backhand. Hit him at 90 degrees.
Wait. Let him raise his head first.
Ready, go!
Good hit. Try both hands.
It's more powerful.
Hit his head. Right there.
She's crueler than me.
I didn't see that coming.
What about Open Day?
You're responsible for the games.
The theme of the games is fairy tales.
Let's do Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
-What do you--
-Snow White and the seven dwarfs
-They're sleeping on the same bed
-Seven of them...
-That's enough.
-Seven of them have...
-Enough.
You've gone too far.
Ms. Ho, actually,
that may not be what we like nowadays.
Why don't you ask for our opinion?
-Yes.
Just ask Eleven.
Eleven, what do you like to do?
Play video games.
-You hear that? It's the same for me.
-That's right.
-Me too.
Why don't we do something
more interesting and exciting?
How about air guns?
-Yes.
-Good idea.
-Air guns!
-Air guns are too violent.
It's quite violent indeed,
but that's better than
exposing yourself, right?
-Let's eat.
-Thanks.
Thank you.
Stupid boy, why didn't you help her?
What are you doing?
-Ms. Ho, have some soup.
-Eat up.
-Have a piece of pork.
-Thanks, Uncle Tat.
-Dad, have some.
-There's no need.
What about you?
You got a high score this time.
It's all thanks to you
for tutoring me, Ms. Ho.
But Siu-gwai got a higher score than you.
-Really?
-Look.
That's because I tutored him.
You know I've been tutoring him daily.
Isn't it great if every student
is just like you?
Well, it's even greater
if every teacher is just like you.
There you go again.
-Scissors.
-Rock.
Paper.
I can't even hold her hand.
I'm such a loser.
Where did that kid go?
Grandma.
I'm not coming home for dinner.
That's all.
Having a mobile phone is great.
Siu-gwai, this is for this month.
-It's that time already?
-Yes, please look after me.
-Look after me.
-You should thank Sing.
Hey, be alert.
-Right, 30 dollars. Here.
-Sing hates dumb guys.
What a waste of time.
Sing loves this comic.
I'll take this as payment for next month.
Siu-gwai, this is to thank you.
What a smart boy!
Hey, I have something great to show you.
I'm calling you, buddy.
Why are you acting so suspiciously?
Stop right there!
I can do that too.
Sing, that has nothing to do with me.
You did that yourself.
You son of a bitch.
Run!
-Spread your legs!
-Let me go, Sing.
-Why did you run when I called you?
-I didn't mean to.
-What's your name?
-Wong Siu-gwai.
-Where do you live?
-Kowloon Tong.
-The whole Kowloon Tong?
-Next to Ideal Hotel.
Turn around.
Hands on your head.
Stop playing tricks.
What's this?
-Your phone.
-I know.
Why did you ask then?
You're being rude to a cop?
-What are these?
-Hong Kong dollars.
-I know.
-Why did you ask then?
Can't I ask you anything now?
-Can't I ask you?
-You can!
-Can't I?
-Tell me, what are these?
-Hong Kong dollars.
-I know!
-Why did you ask then?
Son of a bitch!
Tell me I'll get up in the air and cut
your brains out with my Scissors Legs!
Don't do that, Sing. The money is yours.
-What does it have to do with me?
-It's the protection fee.
What protection fee?
I collect 30 dollars from everyone.
We're rich and powerful now.
We're the top gang.
Top gang?
Right, the Star Gang. Or the Star Group.
-Leader.
Listen, I'm not your leader.
-Take your money back now and leave.
-Hey...
They're talking to me, not you.
Call him Grandpa.
-Grandpa.
They're such good boys.
Tai Fei, just forget it.
Let's not make a fuss in school
or we'll both be in trouble.
I look after you.
Anybody who's bullying you is bullying me.
-Am I right, Yiu?
-That's right.
They're operating in my turf.
Do they think they're 7-Eleven?
Yes, he's silly and knows nothing.
Let me see how powerful he is.
Inspector Chow, Tai Fei is here.
It seems like he came here for you.
Be careful.
Don't worry, it should be fine.
-Grandpa, come over here.
-Over here, Grandpa.
-Grandpa, we're doomed.
-Don't call me Grandpa again, you guys.
Sing, Tai Fei is here to see you.
Who wants to see me?
He said he wanted to see the leader.
That's you.
That's you!
You've been the leader recently!
-What should we do?
-What now, Grandpa?
Hey, kid. Stop.
Are you the leader?
How are you, sir?
So, you're the leader of the Star Gang.
How arrogant.
What are you talking about?
You didn't even inform me
when you're in my turf.
What's your rank?
I'm second in my family.
I have an elder sister,
but she got married a long time ago.
She's trying to emigrate
with my brother-in-law.
-Are you making fun of my leader?
-Hey.
Cops are here.
Kid, you're lucky.
Watch it, you won't be
this fortunate next time.
What's the matter?
Are you still tutoring Chow Sing-sing?
Yes, though his grades are not that great,
he has improved a lot.
Do you know there's a new triad gang
in your school?
Triads again?
I've told you before.
I won't give you information
about my students.
I'm not asking for information.
I just want to tell you
that the new triad gang
in your school is the Star Gang.
The leader is your student,
Chow Sing-sing.
That's ridiculous.
I'm warning you.
He's my student, not a triad leader.
But he's a bad element in the school.
I've told you.
There are no bad elements in my school.
We have to lead the bad students
onto the right track.
Fine, forget it. Enough.
I don't want to ruin our relationship
because of him.
Can you stop being his tutor?
I'm your boyfriend, I'm worried about you.
I teach students
to trust those around him.
Yet you ask me not to trust my students.
Let's have our lesson
in the bedroom today.
My dad is playing with birds outside.
I don't want to disturb him.
Are you all right, Ms. Ho?
Let's study in the bedroom.
All right.
Hey.
Party in the bedroom?
What?
-Take a walk outside.
-Where would I walk to?
To Guangzhou, if you like.
One for you, one for me.
You're mistaken.
I'm not, yours is super thin.
-Really?
-Really.
I'm not the person you think I am.
-And I won't--
-Take it, she's a good girl.
Don't ruin her, 15 minutes will be enough.
Just go, cut the crap.
You're crazy.
Are you kidding me?
You asked me to get out of my own house.
Are you Chow Sing-sing's dad?
-Yes.
-He said yes.
Hey, what are you doing?
It's gum.
A chewing gum.
Let's start the lesson.
Do you think I'm an idiot?
I'm disappointed in you.
Help...
Uncle Tat?
-What happened?
-Move!
-How are you?
-I'm fine.
-Uncle Tat.
-Step aside.
Don't...
Give me a chance.
-Who asked you to come?
-Tai Fei.
Please give me another chance.
Give you another chance to do what?
-To go away.
-Where to?
I don't know.
Go home and get some sleep.
Your mom misses you.
Inspector Chow,
you're number one in SDU indeed.
That's just basic.
Should all cops be like you instead?
You're right.
-Dad, are you all right?
-I'm fine.
-I'll just rub some medicinal oil later.
-Let me do it for you.
-Good boy.
-Stop pretending.
You're not a student
and you're not his dad.
We are indeed a dad and his son.
Though I look younger than him,
he's my real son.
Actually...
I can't tell you these things,
but I don't want to lie to you.
I'm a cop.
Inspector Chow, what's done is done.
-You can tell her.
-Damn it.
I'm a cop.
I entered the school to look into a case.
But I really want to help the kids,
I really do.
I don't care and I don't want to know.
But please stop playing tricks on me,
Inspector Chow.
What are you doing?
Don't tell the others.
Okay?
Don't.
Hey, will she tell the others?
She will. Go and kill her.
Save it, you stinky mouth!
I should kill you first!
-Just save it!
-Okay...
Did I say too much?
Do you believe I'll smash your head
with my Iron Palm?
-I do.
That palm looked so cool.
Yes.
You've been there for two months
and you've found nothing.
Tell me, what have you done all this time?
Tell him.
This is what I did.
First, I established a relationship
with the students and teachers.
Yes, he's building a relationship.
I don't care.
Find that pistol within a month.
Otherwise, both of you will get demoted.
It doesn't matter to me.
I was born lowly, I'm not ambitious.
I'll transfer you to guard the border.
Great! Thanks a lot!
Don't be so rash, sir.
Your Iron Palm is incredible.
We're really scared, right?
Yes, we're so scared.
Please keep that Iron Palm first.
We'll do it as soon as we can.
The students will do a good job
for Open Day this year.
They better do. Last year was boring.
Hey, are you all right?
Hey.
Lend me your pager.
-What for?
-Lend it to me.
-The pager is mine.
-Lend it to me!
-I bought the pager with my--
-I know.
I'll return it to you afterwards. Thanks.
MISS HO, PLEASE PRESS NEXT
If not for you, I wouldn't have
scored over 80 in Geography.
If not for you, the kids
wouldn't have listened to me.
You told me one's goal in life
should be helping others, not money.
Now, I'm telling you.
My goal in life is you.
I'm sorry because I lied to you.
I'm sorry because
I'll be pursuing you from now on.
Chow Sing-sing.
How lame! I'll confiscate the pager.
Hey, the pager is mine.
Why are you standing here?
-The pager is mine.
-Tell me, why are you standing here?
-We were talking. You blocked me.
-Hey, the pager is mine.
-You're blocking me. Can you...
Somebody is here to kill you, run.
Siu-gwai, run!
So many against one?
-Sir, shall we make a move?
-Let's see first.
Don't run!
Die!
Hey, Sing is in trouble!
-Let's help him.
-Help him!
Let's move.
-Cops! Run! The cops are here!
-The cops are here!
-Sing, are you all right?
-I'm fine.
Sir, the fighting is
in full swing over there.
-What are you doing?
-Come with us to the police station.
How are you? Are you all right?
-I think I'm fine.
-Go home and rest.
-Are you two all right?
-Yes.
-Have you seen Chow Sing-sing?
-No.
No? Go home and rest.
-Have you seen Chow Sing-sing?
-No, Ms. Ho.
Talk to my lawyer if you need anything.
-Siu-gwai.
-Miss, it hurts!
Have you seen Chow Sing-sing?
No, I don't know where they've taken him.
-Hong, have you seen Inspector Wong?
-What's the matter?
Inspector Wong? He...
Hey.
I'm not obligated to say anything,
but whatever I say may be
used as evidence.
I have the right to call my lawyer
and have some milk tea,
but you have no right to hang me up.
-It stinks.
-Let go.
You dare to touch me?
You want to hit my feet?
You think I'm a newcomer?
Good, come on. Hit my head instead.
Let's see who dies first. Come on.
Sure.
Let's see if I can hit you this time.
-Miss, you can't go inside.
-Hey!
How are you? Are you all right?
What are you doing?
Beating one of your own?
-Actually--
-Hey.
Why are you here?
You're crazy!
-You're beating one of your own.
-Hey.
-I have something important to tell you.
-Let me finish.
Actually, he's a--
Stop!
Sing-sing, are you all right?
Ask if his hand is all right.
-Go home and rub some medicinal oil
-What are you saying?
-or your bones might break.
-Are you leaving or not?
They just randomly beat people up.
Let's go.
Look what happened. It's fine now, go.
I told you to find a pistol
but you've created such big trouble.
You will never get a promotion.
Maybe you don't want a promotion
like him too.
Go, it's fine now.
Just take it in stride
and go back to square one.
-Give us one more chance.
-Chance?
I've given you all the chances!
Did I not give you a chance?
-Did I not give you a chance?
-I'm not the one who said that.
You're dead.
We'll die together
if you can't find the pistol.
It's really Scissors Legs!
Hey.
There's no need to be unhappy.
You have no idea
how much I'm enjoying this.
Hey, when is your birthday?
October 22nd.
Are you throwing a party for me?
No, mine is January 4th.
Remember, my name is Tso Tat-wah.
-You're setting up a banquet?
-No.
This time, it's either you or me.
The one left should write the name
on the memorial tablet for the other.
Can you make it more explicit?
The firearms.
I've long known
where Tai Fei keeps his firearms.
-Why didn't you tell me earlier?
-I'm scared, man.
Don't call me "man." Call me "sir"!
Do you know the consequences
of withholding information?
So why didn't you tell us?
-I'm afraid, sir.
-Me too.
-See?
-But as cops,
we must do our best even if we die.
Do you want to be
an undercover cop forever?
Yes.
What?
Well, it's fun.
Aren't I going to die with you now?
Stand straight and look at me.
I'm going to kiss you.
Son of a bitch.
Is it this car park?
-It's here.
-Which truck is it?
-How do I know?
-What should we do then?
Look inside every vehicle.
You're so stupid.
Hey, what are you doing?
-Hey, go and take a look.
-Go.
Go in and check.
-Do you see anything?
-Nothing.
Why was there noise then?
Check around.
This is great.
They're all long guns.
This one is short.
Yes, this is a cop's pistol.
This is the one.
-What are you doing?
-I'm bringing them to the station.
We'll drive the vehicle away.
Put them down.
-Done?
-Yes.
I haven't gotten in the truck.
I haven't gotten in the truck!
Hey! I haven't gotten in the truck!
Hey!
Sir, time to wake up and pee.
I'll show you something great afterwards.
You woke me up so early.
Don't tell me there's nothing to see.
-Of course there is something great.
-Something great?
Keep it well.
I never thought I'd get it back.
You're smart.
-Don't cry first. There's more.
-More?
Hey, wake up.
Where did you find them?
You got them before my retirement.
This is awesome.
I can be the governor if I don't retire.
Wait a bit more.
Chow Sing-sing.
You dare to take my firearms?
Want to hear your dad's voice?
Son, I'm fine so far, but--
Listen.
If you want to see your dad again,
meet me at the hill behind the school
in half an hour.
Remember, no tricks.
The foreigner is getting impatient.
We're calling him already.
Be more patient.
Tell him to shut up.
He'll surely see the guns in half an hour!
Why are you so agitated?
The guns are with me.
Call the SDU if necessary.
They can handle it.
Then Uncle Tat will be
in even more danger.
He's an undercover cop.
He should have anticipated this
at his age.
Hey, I know what you want to do.
You want to show off again.
Don't. I'd rather kill you myself
than let others kill you.
Hey.
Hey, man. That is a kind pistol.
Don't. It hasn't been used
for more than 30 years.
Don't take it. Hey.
What are you doing? You're driving away?
Drive away if you dare!
Don't come back if you dare!
Youngsters nowadays are so bold.
Where are the guns?
Release my dad.
Take him there to see it.
Sing-sing, I haven't...
-The money.
-Hey.
It can't be fired!
-Is it really that kind?
-Let's go!
Catch him!
Why did we come to school?
You want to endanger your classmates?
You don't have to tell me.
Today is a public holiday.
That's even worse. Nobody's here to help.
-Higher.
-Hey.
Why are you playing around? Stop.
What? Playing with air guns again?
Aren't you helping out?
Hold this. Help out.
You too.
You should help. Come on.
-Stop playing.
-Hey, what happened to Sing?
He said he'd come to help.
He still hasn't shown up.
No, I think Sing must have been arrested
by the police.
You're silly. That's impossible.
-Ms. Ho has seen him.
-Really?
-Ms. Ho!
-Not like that.
Is Sing all right?
He's fine.
I told you. Get back to work.
Stop spouting nonsense.
Hey, you look pale. Are you all right?
I'm fine.
-There are so many people here.
-Why are you here? Today is a holiday.
-Leave, it's dangerous.
-Leave quickly!
How can Uncle Tat run that fast?
-Stick closer to me.
-Wait for me.
-No.
-This is bad.
-Move. Quick.
-What?
-Have you seen Chow Sing-sing?
-I don't know.
He's in the maze.
-Why are you looking for him?
-It's none of your business!
Move!
Move.
Keep an eye on the students.
Monkey, come here.
MAZE: PARTICIPANTS OF THE PEACE TOUR,
IF YOU'RE TRAPPED INSIDE
AND CAN'T MOVE FORWARD,
PLEASE SHOUT FOR HELP!
Over there.
Hey. What do you want?
That's none of your business. Shut up.
Pretty girl.
What? Are you scared?
This way, you won't be scared.
Tie him up!
-Tie him up!
-You scum!
-Done.
-Ms. Leung, call the police. Hurry.
-All right.
Let's go and save Sing.
Don't. They've got guns.
I've got one too.
-Hey. Don't!
-I've got one too!
-Hey!
-Don't stop us!
Don't go.
-Hey, what are you doing?
-Want to die?
Follow me.
-Hey, wait.
-Hurry!
You go first.
That's the entrance, genius.
How would I know?
Every door looks the same.
That's why you have to follow me, stupid.
Here we are.
Gosh.
Go and call our boss right away.
What about you?
A lot of kids are there.
How can I leave them?
But the pistol doesn't work.
I can manage.
No, I must stay and help you.
Seek help outside!
How old are you? Help me?
Hey...
So? Have you seen him?
No.
Kin, go that way. The rest, follow me.
-Okay.
-Hey, keep turning left.
-Go ahead.
Keep turning left.
Little boy, don't move.
I told you not to move.
-Go, quickly.
-Go!
-Fai got shot.
-Take him away.
Hurry.
Go, hurry. Damn it.
Let's go. Do you want to die?
Over there. That way.
You're leaving?
You damn kid.
Get down!
-Hey. That way.
-Don't move!
Go.
-Hurry.
-I'll kill you with one shot.
Move!
Nothing again?
You're dead
and you didn't even leave me one?
Why are you so cruel?
-Sing.
-No!
-Don't move!
Chow Sing-sing, listen up.
I have the kids.
I'll give you five minutes.
If you don't come out, I'll kill them all.
This is bad, Sing. They really mean it.
-I'll go and deal with them.
-Hey.
Stop it.
Don't make a sound.
Calm down.
Do you hear me?
What do you do best?
This is bad. We'll really die this time.
Damn you. Shut up now!
Listen. What do you do best?
Flirting with girls.
What else besides flirting with girls?
Nothing.
You're best at having fun.
You flirt with girls
because you want to have fun.
Is it because you want to get married?
Okay, let's have fun with them.
Let's treat this as a game.
But we can't lose this game.
Otherwise, somebody will die.
-Isn't it exciting?
-Yes.
-Have you played such a game before?
-No.
Let me tell you.
The chance of us losing is zero.
All we have to do is cooperate
with each other.
I'm the supervisor and you two
will listen to my instructions.
Right now,
we are in the most favorable situation.
We'll surely win.
The most important thing is confidence.
Are you confident?
Are you?
-Yes.
Let's move!
There are six of them.
Do you have any weapons? Give it to me.
An air gun.
-I don't want an air gun.
-Here.
-I said I don't want air guns.
-This is a real gun.
There are five bullets left.
-Only five bullets?
-Chow Sing-sing.
Come out quickly.
Let's take a gamble.
Synchronize our watches.
Good. Let's go according to plan,
are we clear?
-Chow Sing-sing, come out!
-I'm so scared.
-Come out!
Fine. Do you think I'm kidding?
Did you hear that?
I'll kill them one by one.
You have 20 seconds left.
What? You're not coming out?
Come out!
Or I'll kill them one by one.
-Shut up!
-You're so noisy!
Shut up!
You're not coming out?
Come out!
You want me to blow their heads off?
-You want me to do it?
-No...
You don't think I'll do it?
Fine!
Go. Hurry!
Let's go.
Shoot!
Shoot if you dare.
-I'm afraid you don't have the guts.
-That's fine.
She'll die first.
Go ahead. So what?
You're using her as your shield?
You'll be shot however you hide.
You saw what happened to them. Come on.
Are you trying to scare me?
-I can kill you with only one shot!
-Do it. Go ahead.
-Come on!
-Let's fire at the count of three.
-Sure, count. One, two...
-One, two, three.
Okay, I'm sorry, it's my fault.
I told you. You're no match for me.
-Why are you so serious?
-Put your gun down.
Stand back.
-Where's the money?
-It's not with me.
Where's the money?
-Where's the money?
-Here's the money.
-Put your gun down!
-You dare to do that?
Or I'll burn all the money.
Let's all die together!
Hey, got a lighter?
-You don't have one?
-No, how about you?
No!
Tai Fei, can I borrow your lighter?
Tai Fei!
Tai Fei! Be careful, let's go.
-He's so cool!
How dare you fire back at me?
Come out at once!
Want to kill me?
Come out.
Come out!
Don't fire!
Put your gun down!
Sir!
Catch!
Die!
Hey, I'm not the leader of the Star Gang.
I'm a cop.
My nickname is Killer Scissors Legs.
Remember that!
Sir.
You threw my pistol.
You'll scratch it.
I had no choice.
Your pistol doesn't work!
I told you this is a kind pistol.
You want to use it to kill?
Gosh.
But you're good. That was a good throw.
Your police training wasn't in vain.
The Police Academy didn't teach me that.
I learned it in school.
Hey.
The guys are coming.
I'm leaving. I was never here.
Take care of this, Chief Inspector Chow.
-What are you doing?
-Chief Inspector?
If I say so, then you are.
Hey.
Shouldn't I be the Chief Superintendent?
Sing.
Come back for tea when you have time.
-Come back.
-We'll miss you.
This mobile phone is yours. Call me.
I'll come at once when my pager rings.
-Take care.
-Bye.
-Bye. Take care.
-Sing, you're so lucky!
Yes!
-What are you waiting for?